# Meeting Minutes - Group 3
08.03.22 
16:00 – 17.00 

Present: 		Andreas, Arvid, Sebastian, Daniel, Jan Olav 
Next Meeting: 	15.03.22 	16.00

Deadline for second iteration set to 25.03.22


## Agenda 08.03.22: 
-	Go through git branching, merging.
-	Vision document, ask TA what we should change to the second iteration.
-	TA will come back to us with concreate comments about what should be changed for the next iteration.  
-	MVP – for second iteration
-	New User test


For the first meeting with Ali we are primarily focusing on MVP. However, we will also delegate additional tasks we have to deliver in the main report and  work on basic project elements. 

## Delegation of tasks:
- 4x  Use cases – Arvid/Daniel 
- 4x  Personas -  Arvid/Daniel
- Gantt diagram - Arvid 
- MVP - Andreas 
- User test -  Chosen when the MVP is done
- Sequence diagram –  Autogeneration from web application
- Wireframes – Jan Olav /Sebastian

Use cases made with Draw.io


Sebastian is adding a picture of the weekly issue tracker and adding it on our git.repo


## Folders on git: 
- First iteration 
- Second iteration 
- Documents 
- Minutes and meetings
