# Meeting Minutes - Group 3
15.03.22 
16:00 â€“ 17.30 

Present: 		Andreas, Arvid, Sebastian, Daniel, Jan Olav 

Next Meeting: 	22.03.22 16:00


## Meeting Agenda:
- Go through last weeks work
    - looking for improvements we have to make 
    - Ta has given us feedback on the vision document
- 3x User test 
- MVP
- Git Wiki
- Fixing result goals in Vision document
    - based on feedback from TA
- Add risk table to vision document
    - based on feedback from lecturer
- Figure text 
- Gantt diagram 

## Work delegation 
- Andreas will make an issue tracker for this week. 
    - Group members either get tasks assigned to them or they have to chose which ones they want to work on.
- Arvid will create a risk table for the new iteration of the vision document.
- Arvid will add our gantt diagram to the repo and report
- Daniel/Arvid will fix the usercases they made last week  
    - based on feedback from the team in this meeting.
- Sebastian will work on a new revision of result goals for the vison document
- All other tasks will be avalible on the issue tracker later today.


## For next time
Everyone should check out the class diagram made by Andreas. Team members must make issues on the issue tracker when they are doing any sort of project related work.

- All the work has to be finished by next meeting, with an exception of the MVP which will be worked on untill 25.03.22




