
# Meeting Minutes - Group 3
28.02.22 	18:00 â€“ 19.00 

Present: 		Andreas, Arvid, Sebastian, Daniel, Jan Olav 
Next Meeting: 	01.03.22 	16:00


Meeting Agenda:
- Discuss different ways to attack the project 
- How we want to log weekly time used on the project.
- Making sure everyone knows how to use Toggle
- Web application used to plan meetings
- Setup Gitlab repo and inviting everyone 
- Programming language and restrictions
- Contact TA and set date for meeting.


Work Delegation
-	Group is unsure which type of tournament we should pick. Decided to wait until we get answers from potential users for user test. 
-	Arvid, Sebastian and Andreas asking people to volunteer for user tests.
-	Sebastian making repo, and inviting group members and Ali 
-	Chosen to use C++ since this is what every member of the group is familiar with
-	Arvid contacting TA and making Toggle.





  
