# Meeting Minutes - Group 3
29.03.22
16.00-18.30

Present: Andreas, Arvid, Sebastian, Daniel, Jan Olav 

Next Meeting: 	05.04.22 16:00

Soft deadline for third and final iteration 22.04.22

## Meeting Agenda:
- Changes to be made to the program
- Distribution of programming tasks
- Final report work
- Distribution of report tasks
- How does the timetable looking moving forward
- Send mail to Ali with meeting details

### Last weekâ€™s work
-	Deadline met
-	User test feedback 
      -  Valuable
      - Look into if we have time for another user test after finishing the program

### Delegating remaining tasks 
-	Team members will get tasks issued to them on the issue tracker on git 
-	Team members will create issues on the issue tracker whenever they do tasks that are not on the issue tracker already. 

### Changes to be made to the program
-	All tasks will be on the issue board under the milestone Program V.1.0 
      - Made by Sebastian
-	Tournaments 
     - Choose winner from each bracket
     -  Show teams in the program
     -  Make brackets
     -  Add teams
-   Matches
      - Edit function
-   Refractor
      - Update
      - Delete (if we have time)
      - Edit

### Final report work
-	Milestone on issue tracker 
      - Made by Daniel

### How does the timetable look moving forward
The group has a lot of work this week, but next week the workload is smaller, and we will primarily focus on this project then. For the remaining weeks team members will pick tasks they want to work on form the issue tracker. Otherwise, they will do tasks they got delegated form the meetings.
we will have 2 different issue tracker milestones with tasks within them. These are split into programming and Final report tasks.

### Send mail to Ali with meeting details
-	06.04.22 meeting with Ali 10.50-11.10
-	Andreas will notify Ali
-	Notify TA so he can join us in the meeting 
-	Send another mail to TA so he can join us 



